{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Vinay Bot\
_______________________________________________________________\
\
\
DEFAULT BEHAVIOR:\
Picks up laser, disruptor upgrade, shield, if possible.  If not, it will keep trying to until phase 2 starts.\
\
\
PHASE 2 STRATEGY:\
Goes to Opulens, unless communication is received in the first 40 seconds agreeing to go to indigens.  Always tries to orbit, regardless, and communicates obstinately that it will orbit.\
\
Will ALWAYS go to Opulens unless communication says otherwise.\
\
Shoots opulens all the way, or 14 shots if asteroid is indigens\
\
Detects if opponent is orbiting the same planet.  If he does so for 4 seconds, will switch to spinning.  Then a 5 second cooling off period will start, preventing the bot from switching back to orbiting in this time.  After 5 seconds, will look to see if the opponent is also trying to spin (within .2 cm of center and with a z-attitude rate >=15deg/s).  If this happens for four seconds, will switch to orbiting, and will restart a 5 second cooling off period.\
\
If NOT SPINNING, when Opulens is melted fully or if asteroid is indigens and 14 shots have been fired at Opulens, sets attitude to opponent, and fires repulser when within 0.5 meters of opponent.  If spinning, fires only when within range but does not set attitude.\
\
SENT MESSAGES:\
In first 120 seconds, sends what it is doing, of codes 2-5.  After 120, sends which mining station it is going to, honestly, to avoid collision.\
\
LEAVING FOR MS AND MS DECISION:\
In the absence of communication (switchStation == 0) or if communication fails because of random bombardment with messages or the opponent's inability to make up his mind (switchStation >= 3), will calculate which mining station is closer to the direction of the opponent's velocity every second after 140, and will go to the other one at the time when it must leave.\
\
Once it leaves, it will not switch, but will repel the opponent if it comes near.\
\
Leaves on time but overshoots mining station on occassion (<1/5 of the time).  This is still better than using ZRSetPositionTarget and getting there in a lot longer time.\
\
}